README.md, before:

# Web Services and Applications

### Author
**Aldas Zarnauskas**

---

## Table of contents
* [Overview](#overview)
* [Assignments and Project]()
* [Requirements](#Requirements)
* [License](#License)
* [Reference](#Reference)

---

## Overview
This repository contains the assignments and project work for the **Web Services and Applications** module at **Atlantic Technological University, Galway**.  
The module is part of the *Level 8 Higher Diploma in Computational and Data Analytical Science* program.

The purpose of this repository is to organize and showcase coursework completed throughout the module.

---

## Assignments and Project

### [Assignments](./assignments/)
1. **assignment2-carddraw**  
   → [assignment2-carddraw.ipynb](assignments/assignment2-carddraw.ipynb)  
   Uses https://deckofcardsapi.com/ API and draws out 5 cards from a shuffled card deck.

---

### [Project](./project/) 


#### **Project Overview**

---

## Requirements
Dependencies for this project are listed in [requirements.txt](requirements.txt).  
To install them, run:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

---

## License  
No license specified.

---

## Reference

Commit message:

adding assignment03-cso.py, data/cso.json, and adding info about the third assignment in the README.md

README.md, after:

# Web Services and Applications

### Author
**Aldas Zarnauskas**

---

## Table of contents
* [Overview](#overview)
* [Assignments and Project]()
* [Requirements](#Requirements)
* [License](#License)
* [Reference](#Reference)

---

## Overview
This repository contains the assignments and project work for the **Web Services and Applications** module at **Atlantic Technological University, Galway**.  
The module is part of the *Level 8 Higher Diploma in Computational and Data Analytical Science* program.

The purpose of this repository is to organize and showcase coursework completed throughout the module.

---

## Assignments and Project

### [Assignments](./assignments/)
1. **assignment2-carddraw**  
   → [assignment2-carddraw.ipynb](assignments/assignment2-carddraw.ipynb)  
   Uses https://deckofcardsapi.com/ API and draws out 5 cards from a shuffled card deck.

2. **assignment03-cso**  
   → [assignment03-cso.py](assignment03-cso.py)  
   Downloads Ireland's exchequer account (historical series) data from https://ws.cso.ie/public/api.restful/PxStat.Data.Cube_API.ReadDataset/FIQ02/CSV/1.0/en as csv file and converts it to json file.

---

### [Project](./project/) 


#### **Project Overview**

---

## Requirements
Dependencies for this project are listed in [requirements.txt](requirements.txt).  
To install them, run:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

---

## License  
No license specified.

---

## Reference
